Good morning, family. It's Diana and Brandon again. We dressed alike today.
I said she put on the same color of shirt that I put on, and I thought, "Isn't that funny?"We didn't see each other when we woke up this morning.
I was outside and I came in and said, "Hey, babe, we're thinking alike."It was an accident, I know, but I love it.
I said we're like two peas in a pod; we're on the same thing today. I just wanted to pray for you all today.
We're getting a lot of pictures in the mail, and I've got these two right here.
This lady said her daughter goes to school at ORU, so we're going to pray for her.
She's overcoming some stuff, and her son is in the service; he serves our country and needs to be born again.
Then we got people overcoming autism—Diana, there were several today, weren't there?
One man for Hashimoto's for his wife there. So we're praying over all their pictures today.
I have them in a stack and I'm going to hold them as we pray over these pictures as we're sitting in what I believe will be one of the major revivals of America: ORU campus and across the street with Pastor Billy Joe Daugherty's son, Paul.
Y'all, I was warned by the Spirit of the Lord. We were driving around yesterday and out of nowhere, the Holy Spirit just spoke loud and with so much authority concerning what's about to take place.
He told me, "Brandon, I've not called you into the prophetic arena like most people will try to label you.
I've called you to be a Watchman and to raise up a million-prayer army to pray together to change things."That's why we even came up with "Prayer Changes Things."We believe with what's about to take place because He started showing me, as I was driving around yesterday, the war with strategic things that I don't think would be wisdom to bring up—about the United States and about Israel concerning Iran, Syria, and Turkey.
This is very serious. The Lord showed me we're at a very thin line here.
It's almost like rice-paper thin how close we are to going into a Third World War.
We could actually call it a Third World War right now, but I'm talking about a major escalation in a major war.
The Lord warned me about this yesterday and we must pray today as a family for this Iranian conflict and a major escalation of war in Iran and in Israel with Hamas and this other stuff, not including what I've seen about Poland.
A man sent me an article today about Poland saying they're wanting to raise up all these troops and get them ready for nuclear war.
I told you all I saw a major strike coming on Poland, on Warsaw.
I saw false flag events taking place, major false flag events being provoked by Macron and Zelensky—a plan to try to—and I didn't realize that we had signed up with the EU so that if they get struck or war happens out there, the United States is supposed to join them.
I told you whenever the Lord showed me this major attack coming on Poland, there was a major draft and that we would jump in the war then.
I saw provoking of things like poking the bear; they keep trying to provoke the bear, trying to escalate this war on a greater scale.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, I didn't call you on YouTube to be like a Joseph Z or whoever.
I've called you to go on there and pray when I'm giving you these words to change things."Some of it can be altered, and some of it can't.
Some of it's to warn you all of what's about to take place, but I believe 95% of it is for us to change it in prayer, being a Watchman.
He even showed me about crypto and things like that. I saw Satan standing over the financial sector of the world.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, you're entering into his wheelhouse over the finances.
This is his wheelhouse."I didn't even know what "wheelhouse"meant, so Diana had to Google it for me because when the Lord uses these words, I go, "What does that mean?"But that's how I know it's the Lord, because for where I'm educated, my mind doesn't think with words like that.
He's trying to block the end-time wealth transfer right now.
Demonic stuff is being raised up to try to influence against our wealth transfer.
The Lord said you must pray with these prayer warriors that I'm assigning to this channel to pray against the demonic assignment to block the transfer of the wealth from the wicked laid up for the righteous. It's our job.
When I'm seeing about XRP and all these other cryptocurrencies, the enemy knows, so he's trying to—like you're seeing right now—there are great shakeouts, bad ups and downs, crashes, and uprisings of a manipulated market.
The Lord said this is a manipulated market, big time. There will be stability in the days ahead, but He said this must be prayed through with this channel to take authority over the satanic principalities trying to come against our wealth transfer. The Lord told me, "This is you going into his turf.
This is his wheelhouse."He is over the finances of the world and we're going in and taking the plunder, taking the pillages and saying, "Satan, that's ours!"We are joint-heirs of Jesus Christ, sons and daughters of the Most High God, but we have to take our dominion and our authority in this Earth today, telling the devil, "You will not hinder the Iraqi dinar, gold, and silver.
You're not going to hinder cryptocurrency causing delay."Like on Friday in the meeting, everything that President Trump had said about those five pillars—he only talked about the one, a Bitcoin Reserve—so there was a whole different—it was almost like he was double-minded, it sounded like.
But we are not wrestling against flesh and blood; we're wrestling against the principalities and the people stationed around him that are influencing his decision to try to come against this. The Lord said, "Brandon, delay is not denial.
There's still a foundation of what's being laid right before you, but this will require you to intercede and take dominion and authority over these principalities trying to hinder what the Lord is trying to do for the wealth transfer."The devil knows his time is short and he is frantically trying to delay and distract to try to stop the end-time wealth transfer.
When the words are coming forth from the Watchman that there will be a wealth transfer before a major revival, his job is to delay it because he doesn't want the revival. We're not going to allow it.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, your main job is to go on here and warn my people of things that I've told you are coming, and you will stop the enemy's tactics by whatsoever things you bind on Earth will be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever things you loose on Earth will be loosed in Heaven."The Lord said it's like a clapping of a hand when we release the angelic to work on our behalf.
When we're on target, we're hitting the target like a bullseye.
It's our job as joint-heirs with Jesus Christ. We are ambassadors of the Lord Jesus.
Just like there's an ambassador of America, China, or England, we're ambassadors of Heaven and whatever is in Heaven backs us.
We have the Treasury Department, the War Department—all of Heaven is backing us.
So we're going to take our dominion and authority today and tell the devil to release the crypto, because the Lord said, as I told you all, it's his wheelhouse.
We're not going to sit by and say, "Well, I guess it was delayed again."No, it's our job as Watchmen to say, "Hey, You showed us these things to come; now we're going to pray it through."It's no different than what you did when you prayed for the election.
People had free will to either vote for Kamala Harris or to vote for President Trump, but you still prayed for it.
We prayed every single day in October for his safety, for the people to vote right, and for the demonic hindrances on their minds to be removed so they would have eyes to see and not be blinded by demonic spirits.
We take authority according to Ephesians 1:18, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We're going to hit the mark today. We're going to pray as a family and agree for this young man and young lady and all the other pictures.
We want results. We're believing for the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
I refuse to be a begging believer. Faith works by walking in love. Get out of strife.
I believe this is a time to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
I'm so tired of not seeing manifestations. No more of this—devil, you're not robbing us of our seed anymore. We're believing for healings for these men and women.
I'm believing that today is your day for your miracle, for your sons and daughters, for your children that are wayward to come back home.
I saw strategic things happen in Tehran in the days ahead. I won't go into the depth of this because it was very strategic.
The Lord told me, out of wisdom, not to disclose what He showed me about President Trump and the meetings that I saw.
We pray for our president for wisdom to cut the head off of the snake.
God has called President Trump for such a time as this. Father, I just thank You for every need here today.
I believe there's an expiration date for their circumstance. Father, we call forth revival today.
We speak for the revival to come on this ORU campus, that nothing is missing, broken, or hindering the Spirit of the Lord from moving on our behalf.
We thank You, Lord, that there is a fire on the Mabee Center, that there's a glory of the Lord on the Mabee Center.
There will be one last push, just like You did with Azusa Street, Father.
You're no respecter of persons, and what You did for them, You'll do for us now.
Father, I thank You that You're removing and exposing the darkness in the church today.
You're raising up men and women of God who have no compromise in them.
We take dominion and authority over the crypto market and we say, "This far and no further, Satan!
Let go of God's money now, in the name of Jesus!"It may be Satan's wheelhouse, but we bind you in your wheelhouse and you're not able to move!
We release our angels right now to bring forth the wealth transfer in Jesus'name.
Let our money go! I call for financial victory. Father, I thank You for supernatural wealth transfer. Father, we pray for the parents desiring babies.
We thank You that they have healing in their reproductive systems and are able to conceive and carry full-term.
Effortless birth, healthy babies. We speak against the spirit of abortion over this country.
We break that spirit of confusion and murder. We take authority over the demonic spirit of Baal.
We command you to bow your knee. Abortion clinics will go out of business.
What the devil meant for bad, You're going to turn around for good.
Thank You, Lord, for this nation. Thank You that there's one last call.
South Korea and North Korea will have a major revival and the Iron Curtain's coming down.
There will be a major revival in Russia, Europe, Africa, and even in the Muslim, Buddhist, and Hindu communities.
They'll know Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior. We take authority over false religions.
We're taking the land for Jesus. Thank You, Father, for Your mighty hand on this beautiful nation.
We pray a hedge around President Trump. The spirit of confusion will not rest on his mind.
There's a divine wall of protection around him, the White House, and Mar-a-Lago.
Satan, you will not touch his life; you will not touch Vance, you will not touch our Senate and our Congress.
We call for a major revival on the Senate floor and the House floor.
The Holy Spirit brings freedom, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
Today is your day for your turnaround. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.